check out this week's must-see movies
the next show is gonna be drumroll
please a singing competition from the
creators of Despicable Me comes
sings an animated comedy about these
biggest talent competition to rock the
animal kingdom see asking me on a date
she doesn't seem that impressed
passengers is an epic sci-fi action
romance about two space travelers
awakened 90 years too soon
there's breezy I understand it's your
birthday the party's just getting
started in the fantasy film assassin's
creed a criminal must enter the memories
of an ancient ancestor to discover his
destiny here's this week's fan tissa
patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting below see
you next time on weekend ticket
[Music]
[Applause]